here are three things that we need to
bring back number one movement bragging
when I was a kid we used to say oh yeah
can you do this as an adult mostly
everybody just brags about how little
they've slept or how much pain they are
in like what which brings me to my next
point we need our naps back you just
don't work hard you need that grind
mindset look I get it we all have mouths
to feed I have a beautiful daughter and
a gorgeous wife and another baby on the
way but there's a reason that when a
plane fails you put your oxygen mask on
first cuz if you are super unhealthy or
God forbid you die then nobody's going
to feed them and lastly we need better
Black Friday deals but like I don't know
all the time and I'm doing my part cuz
if you want to feel the ground have
healthy toes and strong feet PVA got you
stay flexy